Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku
sora wo hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
Hey, there! Watch out!
You boys! Stay away from here!
It's dangerous. You can't
come in here without permission.
Sorry.
What do you want?
I need to talk to my mom...
ah, my mother.
Your mother?
We don't have
a middle-aged woman...
...who has a child your age.
Did you come here
to tease the adults?!
No!
Anyway, get out of here!
We'll talk in my office.
Why?!
Mom! Help me!
Mom!
Kunio!
Did you come all the way here
to ask for your allowance?
No!
It was your idea...
...to have a BBQ party
at our house!
So I brought my friends here.
Hello!
Uh-oh. I forgot about that! Sorry!
Man, she's so absent-minded!
Mom?! That means...
Is he your son?
What's the big deal?
Well, he does resemble
you and he's very cute!
He looks bright, too. Are you?!
He's sure changed his tune now!
I'm almost off.
Hang on for just a minute!
Your mom,
when she was working...
...at the construction site,
looked pretty sharp!
Really?
My old man works in an office.
He's so worried about a layoff,
there's blood in his urine every day.
It's a shame!
Thanks for waiting!
Let's start!
You must be hungry.
Eat as much as you want!
A beer after work is so refreshing!
It's hot! Really hot!
M-Mom!
Aren't you hungry?
Oh, I see. You're being polite!
Both Fujiyoshi and Kusano
are so sweet!
That's not the reason
they're not eating!
Why are you wearing that outfit?!
Because it's hot.
It's already summer.
The time goes by so fast.
Man, it's hot.
Stop it!
Don't you have some
more modest clothes?
Come on, change them!
Change them!
You're embarrassing me
in front of my friends!
I don't care.
I'm embarrassed.
Don't worry about it, Murai.
We don't mind at all.
That's right.
I mind!
Man, she's a woman.
She should be more careful.
If Onizuka saw her like that...
The other outfit was better.
Onizuka!
What rock did you
crawl out from under?!
You cockroach!
I'm doing a home visit.
Oh, Onizuka-sensei!
It's been quite a while!
Don't moon over her!
Hi. It's time for Shiatsu massage.
Tonight's guest...
-...is Tomoko Nomura.
- That Onizuka ate all of our meat.
- Good evening! I'm Tomoko.
- It was our meat!
I'll have to keep an eye on him.
Why don't you come in, too?
It's been a while. Why don't Mom
and her little boy share a bath?
No, thank you!
Why not?
It wasn't that long ago
that we took baths together.
When did we do that?!
I'm in high school now!
Then I can check on
how you're growing.
Don't say stupid things!
Hey! Kunio!
Come on!
Be good to your mom
once in while!
Why don't you rinse
off my back? Hello!
Shut up! Be good to my mom?!
She shouldn't keep it
around for so long.
If anyone sees it,
I'll be embarrassed.
Your wedding photo? Is this it?
It wasn't like we could have
a ceremony with your dad.
Before we could
have the wedding...
... we were already separated.
So giving birth to you
and becoming a mother...
... was the only proof
I was married.
And so, this is an important
photo of my marriage.
I envy you. Your mom is...
...young and pretty.
It's unusual to find
a mother so young.
It's not surprising that Onizuka
would make a pass at her.
We even think she's attractive.
No way!
But why hasn't such
a pretty woman married?
It wouldn't be surprising for her
to have one or two boyfriends.
She's very pretty.
Don't be so stupid!
My mom would never...
Damn! That was a cheap trick!
You were seriously upset!
Don't be such an idiot!
I'm not a baby.
If she wants to get married,
it's fine with me.
I have no intention of objecting.
Are you seriously okay with it?
Because she has her own life...
I suppose she should think about
her own happiness from now on.
- Great!
- I didn't know you were so mature.
Of course.
I'm not a child anymore.
What's up, Fujiyoshi?
Nothing. But the woman
who just walked by....
...looked just like Murai's mom.
Mom is supposed to be working
at the construction site.
That's what I thought.
I guess I was mistaken.
That woman was with a man.
What? With a man?!
Where is she?! Hey!
KICHIJOJI FIRST BRIDAL HALL
Mom!!
It's just some old man.
Don't scare me like that.
When you said
she was with a man...
...I was worried
that he may be a date.
But who's that old geezer?
I suppose it's
someone from her work.
There's no way my mom would
ever go out with that old fart.
But this place is...
They must be here for
a business lunch or something.
How often do people have lunch...
...at a wedding chapel?
Wedding?
And people don't come
to a wedding chapel...
...on business.
What's going on?!
DISCOUNT WEDDING FAIR
She can't be. With that bald man?!
Mom...
What are you doing?! Hey!
Are you going to marry
that old bald man?!
Don't play with me!
- Stop it, Murai!
- I guess...
...you're really not okay with this!
This can't be true.
This isn't even funny.
She's at the wedding chapel
with that fat, short, bald guy...
... who looks like
Dr. Ochanomizu?!
What's going on?!
I'm home!
I got a little tipsy.
What's with that expression?
Are you upset that your mom
came home a little drunk?
Who were you drinking with?
It's none of your business.
Even I have...
...some friends
I can socialize with.
Socialize?
I'm tired.
Good night!
Don't sleep there!
She's so sloppy.
Hey, Kunio.
If...
If...I decided to get married...
...what would you think?
M-Married?
I said "if"!
Why would you say
that out of the blue?
Is it so bizarre?
Give me some credit.
I'm more popular than you think.
Are you serious?
You've got to be kidding!
I'm still in my prime.
My skin is soft and smooth.
I'm more appealing
than most young women...
That's not what I'm talking about!
What's going on, Mom?!
There's definitely
something going on.
Suddenly she's talking
about marriage.
I mean, with that
Dr. Ochanomizu look alike?!
No! There is no way anything
could happen with that old guy.
SUMMER 2000
WEDDING DRESS CATALOG
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey!
She can't be serious!
HA NA YO ME NO MU SU KO
(A SON OF A BRIDE)
Are you kidding?!
Your mom?!
There's no mistake.
I thought it was suspicious
when she mentioned marriage.
So it's just like I thought.
Wait a minute!
Even if your mom is open-minded,
there has to be a limit.
She can't be
with that old bald man.
Even Onizuka is better than that.
Is that right?
So Julia likes older guys.
Onizuka!
Then I'll compete looking like this.
It's not too late.
Hey! Don't joke around
when I'm angry!
It's none of your business.
Go away!
Do you approve
of your mom's marriage?
He may be bald or whatever...
...but if Julia truly loves him...
...you shouldn't stand in her way,
even if you're her son.
She loves him? That old guy?
But if that isn't the case...
Here's my theory.
A rich guy who's always had
his eye on Julia approached her...
...with a lot of smooth talk.
Julia, who had a stupid son,
and worried about her future...
...was charmed.
Even though she may not love him.
Therefore, the old guy...
...took advantage
of Julia's insecurity...
...by trying to marry her.
But the guy is shrewd.
He knows about her circumstances
and showers her with money.
Are you okay with this happening?!
I can't allow it!
That Dr. Ochanomizu clone!
He tricked my mom!
Don't mess around with us!
How can this marriage
be allowed?!
We'll help you.
Yeah, you can count on us!
We'll help you, Murai!
What are you going to do today?
It's Sunday.
Aren't you going anywhere?
It's none of your business
what I'm doing.
What?! How dare
you talk to me like that!
She's taking a lot of time
to put on her makeup today.
She doesn't
usually use makeup.
She must be seeing that old guy.
The guy's deception is bad,
but it's Mom's fault, too.
She's sneaking off
without even telling her own son!
This is no time to hum!
SUMMER 2000
WEDDING DRESS CATALOG
Well, I'm going out for a while.
I'll probably be in late.
For dinner, take something
from the refrigerator...
...and warm it up to eat.
See you later!
I'll prevent your marriage
with my own hands!
I know where you're going.
She must plan on discussing
the wedding ceremony.
She's really strutting her stuff!
Don't look so happy!
Even if he is rich, you'd get
married to that old man?!
I'm disappointed in you, Mom!
That idiot!
What an outfit!
Here! Here! Julia!
Sorry for making you wait!
- Shall we go, then?
- Yes.
You're even more
lovely than usual.
Knock off the sweet talk!
Damn that old fart!
He's too friendly with my mom!
I, Kunio Murai, will make
you wish you'd never met her.
Look! It's like we thought!
What should we do, teacher?
We have to help him out.
Excuse me, sir!
You!
Excuse me!
I'm looking for a wedding party.
Whose wedding is it?
Well, it was... Suzuki.
Uh, no... Abe.
Or was it Hagino?
Sounds something like that.
Who are those boys?
I don't know.
I'd like you to come to our office.
That's it! It was the Weasel
Room on the third floor.
Now I remember.
We don't have any such room.
What? The groom isn't coming?!
I'm afraid so. We've
been calling his home...
...but I can't contact
anyone in the groom's family.
It's almost time
for the ceremony to start.
If we don't fix this,
she'll be absolutely miserable!
- Please come this way!
- Let go of me!
You can talk to us in the office.
Yamada! Is that you, Yamada?!
What a great day for a wedding!
My apologies.
I don't know who you are,
but thank you very much.
- See you, then.
- Wait a minute!
Do you want something from me?
I need to talk to you.
Teacher. Hurry up!
I'm in kind of a rush...
Hey, mister?
What are you doing?!
Excuse me!
Oh, well!
I will never allow this marriage!
I'm going to ruin it!
Hey! Where did you go?!
Ochanomizu!
Come out! Let's fight!
Mom...
You! How could you?!
I'll never forgive you!
- Kunio?!
- Who's that?!
You! Ochanomizu!
How could you
do this to my mom?!
Over there!
Wait! Wait a minute!
Mister! I'll listen to you later!
Please let go of me!
What's this?!
Not good! It's not good!
Someone..!
Stop it, Kunio!
Don't protect him!
It's your fault, too!
You're having a wedding
without telling your own son!
Get out of the way!
Murai!
Don't stop me, Onizuka!
Stop it!
It's not like you thought, Murai.
Because...
All right. Take a break!
Kunio is really hot-headed.
I apologize
for my stupid son's actions.
You called Mizushima,
the president, Ochanomizu?!
Hey, you apologize
to him, too! Kunio!
That's all right.
He thought an old man
like me was Julia's groom.
I feel honored.
But he is exactly like you,
Julia. He is full of energy.
I never imagined Mom could
be modeling a wedding dress.
I was a little
self-conscious at first...
...but after our company
built this hall...
...the president asked
me to do him a favor.
Really! You're so stupid!
If I got married, there's no way
I would do it without telling you!
You've got a hopeless
mother complex!
Just once, I wanted to wear...
...a wedding dress.
I've never worn one before.
Mom...
Not bad, huh?!
Your mom in a wedding dress!
I don't look like I have
a child in high school, do I?
Don't you agree, Kunio?
Say something!
When I saw her...
...in her wedding dress
for the first time...
...she was very, very beautiful.
As her son...
... I had mixed feelings.
- I don't want to!
- Here, Kunio!
Dear God...
...please don't let the day come...
... when she wears
this dress for real.
Murai's mom really looked
good in the wedding dress.
It's natural to have...
...a mother complex
with a mom like that.
Do you have time now?
Well, what do you want from me?
Now we'll have the cake
cutting by the bride and groom.
This is...
...the first act they're going
to perform as a couple.
Everyone, please
give them a big hand!
If you have a camera,
please come up front...
No matter what,
it's not a good sign...
...that I'm substituting
for your groom.
Don't you agree?
Oretachino miraiwa
dokoe tonde yukuno darouka
Kitto atenonai tabidakara
hitasura tonde yuku dakesa
Doushiyoumo naku yarusenai
mainichiwo tomete kuretara
Antano iukoto
subete nandemo kikusa
Zaisanga ikura attemo
nanikaga tarinai oretachiwa
Kawaranai kono kazeto
nioiga subete nanosa
Oretachino ashitawo
imamo sagashiteru tokoro
Waratcha damedaze
hontouni dokoka kiesou dakara
Oreno yuganda imano serifuwo
wasurenaide kureyo
Mou yoruwa owarisou
dakara imawo hashirinuke youka
Oretachiwa imaga subete
Oretachiwa imaga subetesa
Owaranai yoruga hajimaru
Kimeteyaruze konya
NEXT EPISODE
Why does everyone
make fun of me?
I can accept it
from the students...
...because kids can't appreciate
anything beyond superficial beauty.
But Eikichi Onizuka!
I can never forgive that man!
Who?!
A FLAT-CHESTED WOMAN
Are you in control enough...
...not to react badly
no matter what you see?!
SEE YA NEXT TIME